4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-general-editor-drag-and-drop-resources-in-scripts-to-preload-by-uid-instead-of-by-path.md

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 1
importance: 4
anchor: drag-and-drop-resources-in-scripts-to-preload-by-uid-instead-of-by-path
title: Drag and drop `Resource`s in scripts to preload by UID instead of by path
blockquote: TODO
text: |

>   With [Godot 4.4](https://godotengine.org/releases/4.4/#universal-uid-support), we extended UID support to resources in order to prevent broken paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With [Godot 4.4](https://godotengine.org/releases/4.4/#universal-uid-support), we extended UID support to more resource types in order to prevent broken paths.
```
Clearer IMO

---
type: entry
section: general
subsection: editor
rank: 1
importance: 4
anchor: drag-and-drop-resources-in-scripts-to-preload-by-uid-instead-of-by-path
title: Drag and drop ``@[Resource](enginetype)``s in scripts to preload by UID 
  instead of by path
text: |
  With [Godot 4.4](/releases/4.4/#universal-uid-support), we extended UID support to more resource types in order to prevent broken paths.

>   Scripts can now take advantage of this by preloading resources via their UID. You just have to drop the resource while `Ctrl` (`Cmd` on macOS) is held.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Scripts can now take advantage of this by preloading resources via their UID. You just have to drop the resource while holding `Ctrl` (`Cmd` on macOS).
```
IMO, sounds awkward mixing active and passive here
